README.md, before:

# YoBot Bronze

[![Python Build](https://github.com/TheYoBots/YoBot_Bronze/actions/workflows/python-build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/TheYoBots/YoBot_Bronze/actions/workflows/python-build.yml)

A simple [UCI](http://wbec-ridderkerk.nl/html/UCIProtocol.html) Chess Engine written in python using [python-chess](https://github.com/niklasf/python-chess).

---
**Current State of Engine**

Currently only captures the piece with the highest value, detects a mate in one and tries to select a decent move. Otherwise it simply generates random moves using [python-chess 1.5.0](https://pypi.org/project/chess/).

---

## Acknowledgements

- [Niklas Feikas](https://github.com/niklasf) for creating [python-chess](https://github.com/niklasf/python-chess).
- [UCI Documentation](http://wbec-ridderkerk.nl/html/UCIProtocol.html).
- [Chessprogramming wiki](https://www.chessprogramming.org/Main_Page).

## License

This repository is run under the MIT License. View the [LICENSE file](https://github.com/TheYoBots/YoBot_Bronze/blob/master/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Avoid basic mate in 1 situations and Always promotes to a Queen

README.md, after:

# YoBot Bronze

[![Python Build](https://github.com/TheYoBots/YoBot_Bronze/actions/workflows/python-build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/TheYoBots/YoBot_Bronze/actions/workflows/python-build.yml)

A simple [UCI](http://wbec-ridderkerk.nl/html/UCIProtocol.html) Chess Engine written in python using [python-chess](https://github.com/niklasf/python-chess).

---
**Current State of Engine**

Currently only captures the piece with the highest value, detects a mate in one and tries to select a decent move. It always promotes a pawn to a Queen and Tries to avoid mates in one in simple positions. Otherwise it simply generates random moves using [python-chess 1.5.0](https://pypi.org/project/chess/).

---

## Acknowledgements

- [Niklas Feikas](https://github.com/niklasf) for creating [python-chess](https://github.com/niklasf/python-chess).
- [UCI Documentation](http://wbec-ridderkerk.nl/html/UCIProtocol.html).
- [Chessprogramming wiki](https://www.chessprogramming.org/Main_Page).

## License

This repository is run under the MIT License. View the [LICENSE file](https://github.com/TheYoBots/YoBot_Bronze/blob/master/LICENSE) for more details.
